# Cryptocurrency-Public-Ledger
A cryptocurrency public ledger is a record-keeping system. It maintains participants' identities anonymously, their respective cryptocurrency balances, and record all the genuine transactions executed between network participants. Cryptocurrency is an encrypted decentralized digital currency. SQL is not the proper database to store the information of transactions because cryptocurrency is encrypted and decentralized. This project is to make the ledger (Similar to Bank Management System). We can make Transactions of tokens (as a user), create an account, delete it, view the public ledger ( details of sender and receiver (only address of the wallet and tokens transacted)). Scaling and security concerns are one the challenge. Future advancements are shifting to the blockchain database. SQL (Structured Query Language) is a standardized programming language that's used to manage relational databases and perform various operations on the data in them. Python is an interpreted high-level general-purpose programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability with its use of significant indentation. The transaction's details in the bank's records can be queried and verified by the two parties between whom the transaction took place. Public ledgers work the same way as bank records, although with a few differences. Similar to the bank records, the transaction details on a cryptocurrency public ledger can be verified and queried by the two transacting participants. However, no central authority or network participants can know the identity of the participants. Transactions are allowed and recorded only after suitable verification of the sender’s liquidity; otherwise, they are discarded. The objective of this project is to let the students apply the programming knowledge to a real-world situation/problem and exposed the students to how programming skills help in developing good software. This is also to educate the students on future technologies and make them aware of what's happening in the technological world. Students will demonstrate a breadth of knowledge in computer science, as exemplified in the areas of systems, theory and software development. Students will demonstrate the ability to conduct research or applied Computer Science projects, requiring writing and presentation skills that exemplify scholarly style in computer science. Students will learn about the basic principle, how cryptocurrency works and will develop a curiosity to dive deep into readings blogs (computer science research papers).
